comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,neutral
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
post,COVID-19,positive
comment,COVID-19,neutral
comment,COVID-19,positive
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,neutral
comment,Class,positive
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,neutral
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,neutral
comment,Class,positive
post,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,neutral
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,positive
comment,New Student,neutral
post,Prospective Student,neutral
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
post,Finances,neutral
comment,Finances,positive
comment,Finances,positive
comment,Finances,positive
comment,Finances,positive
post,Academics - Other Topics,positive
comment,Academics - Other Topics,positive
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
post,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
post,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
post,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,positive
post,Employment,positive
comment,Employment,positive
post,Housing,positive
comment,Housing,neutral
comment,Housing,neutral
post,Degree,positive
comment,Degree,positive
post,Buy / Sell,neutral
comment,Buy / Sell,positive
comment,Buy / Sell,positive
comment,Buy / Sell,positive
post,COVID-19,positive
comment,COVID-19,neutral
comment,COVID-19,neutral
comment,COVID-19,positive
post,Social,positive
comment,Social,negative
comment,Social,positive
post,Housing,positive
comment,Housing,positive
comment,Housing,neutral
comment,Housing,positive
post,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
post,COVID-19,positive
comment,COVID-19,positive
comment,COVID-19,neutral
comment,COVID-19,neutral
comment,COVID-19,positive
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,neutral
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
post,Finances,positive
comment,Finances,positive
post,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
post,None,positive
comment,None,positive
comment,None,negative
post,Class,positive
comment,Class,positive
post,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,negative
comment,Food / Culture,positive
post,Food / Culture,positive
comment,Food / Culture,positive
post,Prospective Student,positive
comment,Prospective Student,neutral
comment,Prospective Student,neutral
comment,Prospective Student,positive
post,Housing,positive
comment,Housing,neutral
comment,Housing,positive
comment,Housing,positive
post,Media,positive
comment,Media,negative
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,neutral
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,positive
comment,Media,neutral
comment,Media,positive
